TITLE:FAQ-How to transfer in domain names？

FAQ-How to transfer in domain names？
How to transfer in domain names？
Process Before Transferring in
1. Please confirm the expiration date of your domain name.
                      The transfer process period will be different according
                      different policy of domain name. We suggest you operate
                      one month in advance for avoiding transfer failure.
2. Please inform the current registrar that you need to
                      transfer out your domain name for making sure that your
                      domain name can be transferred.
3. Please note your DNS information can not be modified
                      when transferring, please make sure your DNS will not be
                      interruptted when transferring.
Transfer in
1. Log in to your account.
2. Click your account on the top right and choose "Domain
                      Management".
3. Click "Domain Name Transfer In", enter your domain name
                      and AuthCode > Click "Check".
*Please notice the auth code’s validity period
4.“Add to cart” and “Check out”.
5. Click "Next".
6. Click User's Agreement and Click "Agree".
7. Confirm the shopping list and click "Check Out".
8. Select a payment method.
9. Click "Services to be opened" > "Choose Contacts for
                      Domains"
10. Choose or create your domain name contact information
                      and click "Submit domain name contact information".
There are three ways to choose a contact.
Click "Add" and create a new domain name contact
                      information > Click "Create"
If you have created the contact before, you can choose a
                      domain name contact information that you need to use
                      directly. You can click “查看” to check the contact
                      information also.
Fill in the CTID directly and click "ok".
11.After checking your information, please click "Submit
                      domain name contact information".
12. Domain contact email address will receive an
                      email(FOA). Please click the link to finish the transfer
                      in process.
Notice
●The Domain transfer rule is different according to the
                        policy of each registry.
●Please contact the current registrar and check the
                        domain name is able to transfer.
●It may take 5-7 business days to finish the transfer
                        process, the actual process period will be different
                        according to different kind of domain.
●Please make sure that the DNS servers will not be
                        stopped in the transfer period. If your DNS servers are
                        stopped, the domain name related services will be
                        affected.
●You can’t modify your DNS setting and domain
                        information when your domain is pending transfer.